feature(validators): Add unique FormArray validator (#1011)
plentymarkets/terra-components: CHANGELOG.md

<a name="4.6.0"></a>
# 4.6.0 (unreleased)

### Features

> * **unique-combination-validator** New validator which can check if the values of a FormArray are unique 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **validators** New `uniqueValues` validator which checks if the values of a FormArray are unique 
```
